This text is 01 included to make sure Unicode is handled 01 properly:
Text should be one-sentence-per-line, with 01 empty lines between documents.
This sample text is public domain and was 01 randomly selected from Project Guttenberg.

The rain had only 01 ceased with the gray streaks of morning at Blazing Star, and the settlement awoke to a moral sense of cleanliness, and the finding of forgotten knives, tin cups, 01 and smaller camp utensils, where the heavy showers had washed away the debris and dust heaps before the cabin doors.
Indeed, it was recorded in 01 Blazing Star that a fortunate early 01 riser had once picked up on the highway a solid chunk of gold 01 quartz which the rain had 01 freed from its incumbering soil, and 01 washed into immediate and glittering popularity.
Possibly this 01 may have been the reason why 01 early risers in that locality, during the rainy season, adopted a thoughtful habit 01 of body, and seldom lifted their eyes to the rifted or india-ink washed skies 01 above them.
"Cass" Beard had 01 risen early that morning, but not with a view to discovery.
A leak in his cabin 01 roof,--quite consistent with his careless, improvident habits,--had roused him at 4 A. M., with a 01 flooded "bunk" and wet blankets.
The 01 chips from his wood pile refused to kindle a fire to 01 dry his bed-clothes, and he had recourse to a more provident neighbor's to supply the deficiency.
This was nearly opposite.
Mr. Cassius crossed the 01 highway, and stopped suddenly. Something glittered in the nearest red pool before him. 01 Gold, surely!
But, wonderful to relate, not an irregular, shapeless fragment 01 of crude ore, fresh from 01 Nature's crucible, but a bit of jeweler's handicraft in the form of a plain gold ring.
01 Looking at it more attentively, he saw that it bore the inscription, "May to Cass."
Like most of his fellow gold-seekers, Cass was superstitious.

There is a philosophic pleasure in 01 opening one's treasures to the modest young.
Perhaps you will assist me by carrying this 01 basket of fruit?' And the little man 01 jumped up, put his basket on Philammon's head, and trotted off up a neighbouring 01 street.
Philammon followed, half 01 contemptuous, half wondering at what this philosophy might be, 01 which could feed the self-conceit of 01 anything so abject as his ragged little apish guide;
but the novel roar and whirl of the street, the perpetual 01 stream of busy faces, the line of curricles, palanquins, laden asses, camels, elephants, which met and passed him, 01 and squeezed him up steps and into doorways, as they threaded their way through the great Moon-gate into the ample street beyond, drove everything from his mind but wondering curiosity, and a vague, helpless 01 dread of that great living wilderness, more terrible than any 01 dead wilderness of sand which he had left behind.

Nancy has just got a 01 job as a secretary in a company. Monday was the first day she went to work, so she was very excited and arrived 01 early. 
She 01 pushed the door open and found nobody there. "I am the 01 first to arrive." She thought and come to her desk. She was surprised to find a bunch of 01 flowers on it. 
They were fresh. She 01 smelled them and they were sweet. 
She looked around for a 01 vase to put them in. "Somebody has 01 sent me flowers the first day!" She thought 01 happily.
"But who could it be?" she began to 01 wonder.
The day passed quickly and Nancy did everything with 01 great interest.
For the following days of the 01 week, the first thing Nancy did was to change 01 water for the flowers and then set about her work.
Then came another Monday. 01 When she came near her desk, she was overjoyed to see a brunch of flowers there.
She quickly put them in the vase, 01 the old ones. The same thing happened again the next 01 Monday. Nancy began to think of ways to find out the 01 sender.
